docs: Added link to clean air calculation pdf (#68)
MaibornWolff/clean-air: documentation/README.md

## DIY Hardware

### Calculations

> The effiency calculation can be found [here](theory.pdf).

Reviewer: May be we should add more here, e.g. 

`The effiency calculation of the device can be found [in this PDF document](theory.pdf).`

> The effiency calculation can be found [here](theory.pdf).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Estimations about the irradiance and considerations about the room size for which such a device could be feasible are located [here](theory.pdf).
```
